# CS250

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?
I create an outside-looking-in approach to the program and attempt to understand wholly what a user would want out of the program. When it comes to direct contact with the user, or a mediator between the users and the Product Owner/tester, and the dev team, it comes down to looking at what is important to the user stories and how to make a high priority story effective and satisfactory within the pogram. The user stories themselves help the dev team immensly by, like mentioned prior, knowing what is high priority and low priority, what the user specifically is wanting out of the program, and what measures and steps are taken in order to achieve the outcome for the user in the user story list; as well as the pass/fail measures which can help guide troubleshooting for the dev team. 


# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
I first begin planning out the roadmap for the program. So things such as pseudocode and/or flowcharts become prominent in the planning for a new program, and then from there I begin to work on the skeleton of the code, and then work on the guts from top to bottom with constant testing between each new crucial line of code. The process from agile in which I hope to incorporate in the future, are more freedom of expression and innovation and understanding that it's okay to go back to step 1 should the need arise. I also hope to be able to understand that working one step at a time is more important than cramming development work all at once, which is something I tend to do a lot. I rarely like to take breaks, so stepping into the "phase" mindset can help me find more insight into my work. 


# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To me personally, what it means to be a good team member is dedication to the project but also understanding that one also has a life outside of development and code; basically knowing there's an okay time to turn it on and that there's an okay time to turn it off. Overstress and overthinking can harm a developer and their talents. Another good trait for a good developer is being open and honest with any and all team members. Sometimes it's scary to say that you're behind because you're stuck and were too afraid to ask for help, and sometimes it's scary to say that something is too hard and that you need assistance from other team members, so I think being open with fluid and transparent communication is a big trait that can make a good team member, but also make an entire team as a whole be better in the long run for development purposes as well as personal growth all around. A positive open environment is much more stable and productive than a shut-in-by-the-books environment. 
